Different Agile Methodologies:
    Popular agile software development methods and/or process frameworks include (but are not limited to):
·       Adaptive software development (ASD)
Adaptive software development or ASD is a software development process that originated from rapid deployment. It embodies the principle that continuous adaptation of the process to the work at hand is the normal state of affairs. The basic principle that ASD follows is mission focused, feature based, iterative, timeboxed, risk driven, and change tolerant.
   
·       Agile modeling
Agile Modeling is based on the agile software developement modeling and is used to document and model software systems based on some of the best practices of software development. This methodology is more flexible than traditional modeling methods, making it a better fit in a fast changing environment.
·       Agile Unified Process (AUP)
It is a simplified version of Rational unified processing. It uses simple and easy software development techniques without deviating much from the Rational Unified processing. It uses agile techniques such as, test-driven development (TTD), Agile Modeling (AM) and database refactoring to improve productivity.
        
·       Business analyst designer method (BADM):
 
·       Crystal Clear Methods
Crystal Clear method is a member of the crystal family and is considered to be a lightweight methodology. Crystal clear typically works for small teams of size 6 to 8 members who are co-located. The Crystal family generally focuses on efficiency and habitability as components of project safety. The Crystal Clear focuses on people not process or artifacts.

·       Disciplined agile delivery:
Disciplined agile delivery (DAD) is a process decision framework that enables simplified process decisions around incremental and iterative solution delivery. DAD builds on the many practices that advocate of agile software development, including Scrum, agile modeling, lean software development, and others

·       Dynamic systems development method (DSDM)
Dynamic systems development method or DSDM is an agile project delivery framework that is now being used a software development model. DSDM was sought to provide some direction and discipline to the rapid deployment method. The DSDM is iterative and incremental in nature and uses the principles of agile method. It uses the basic principle of customer interaction and involvement.
    
 ·       Extreme programming (XP)
Extreme programming is one of the most common agile methods of software development lifecycle. It intends to improve the quality of the product by having frequent releases in short development cycles. This aims to improve the quality of the product and include checkpoints at which customer requirements can be adopted.

·       Feature-driven development (FDD)
Feature-driven development or FDD is an iterative and incremental software development process. FDD combines all the best practices of the industry into a whole. The practice is driven from a client functionality perspective. Its main objective is to deliver a tangible and working software repeatedly in a timely manner. Feature-driven development is a lightweight agile method.
    
·       Lean Software Development:
Lean Software Development of LSD is based on the principles of lean manufacturing and lean IT principles to the software development domain. Lean is mostly used by small sized businesses that want to penetrate the market. Lean Software Development is driven by seven principles namely, eliminating wastes, amplify learning, decide as late as possible, decide as fast as possible, empower the team, build quality and see the whole product.
    
·       Kanban Development:
Kanban development is a visual process management system that tells what to produce, how to produce and when to produce. It is inspired by the lean manufacturing principle.
    
·       Scrum:
Scrum is an iterative and incremental model used to manage product development. It defines a holistic development strategy where the development team works as a single unit to develop a single common goal.
    
·       Scrumban:
Scrumban is a hybrid between scrum and Kanban. Teams generally use scrum as a management framework and use it as a way of working, and use Kanban as lens to view and understand the direction in which the project is moving into.
 
